README.md, before:

# Cinecoder

Cinecoder is a [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) [addon](http://nodejs.org/api/addons.html) using Javascript and C++ to implement async processing for media encoding, decoding and processing.

## Installation

Install [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) for your platform. This software has been developed against the long term stable (LTS) release.

This module has native C++ files that are compiled with node-gyp. To use the module, you many need to install a C++ compiler and python on your system. On Windows, compilation has been tested using the community edition of Microsoft Visual Studio 2015. On Windows, node may need to be configured with:

    npm config set msvs_version 2015 --global

Cindecoder is designed to be `require`d to use from your own application to provide async processing.

    npm install --save cinecoder

Node.js addons use [libuv](http://libuv.org/) which by default supports up to 4 async threads in a threadpool for activities such as file I/O. These same threads are used by cinecoder and if you wish to use a number of the functions in one Node.js process then you will need to set the environment variable UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE to a suitable number before the first use of the libuv threadpool.

## Using cinecoder

To use cinecoder in your own application, `require` the module then create and use workers as required.  The processing functions follow a standard pattern as shown in the example code below.

```javascript
var cinecoder = require('cinecoder');
var fn = new cinecoder.fn(params);

fn.on('exit', function() {
  fn.finish();
});
fn.on('error', function(err) {
// handle error 
});

// start the processing thread
fn.start();

// async request for processing to be done
fn.doFn(params, function(err, result) {
});

// async request for the processing thread to quit
fn.quit(function() {
});
```
## Status, support and further development

## License

This software is released under the Apache 2.0 license. Copyright 2016 Streampunk Media Ltd.

Commit message:

-update readme a bit, still needs some more work

README.md, after:

# CinecoderNodeJs

CinecoderNodeJs is a [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) [addon](http://nodejs.org/api/addons.html) using Javascript and C++ to implement async processing for media encoding, decoding and processing. All the node wrapping and testing functions were made by the nice folks at StreamPunk Media, and passed to Cinegy for us to add our interfaces to get the Cinecoder binary to work with the addon. Complain to Cinegy first if we break something going forward before bothering the StreamPunk team!

## Installation

Install [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/) for your platform. This software has been developed against the long term stable (LTS) 4.x release.

This module has native C++ files that are compiled with node-gyp. To use the module, you many need to install a C++ compiler and python v2.x on your system. On Windows, compilation has been tested using the community edition of Microsoft Visual Studio 2015. On Windows, node may need to be configured with:

    npm config set msvs_version 2015 --global

CinecoderNodeJs is designed to be `require`d to use from your own application to provide async processing.

    npm install --save cinecoder

Node.js addons use [libuv](http://libuv.org/) which by default supports up to 4 async threads in a threadpool for activities such as file I/O. These same threads are used by cinecoder and if you wish to use a number of the functions in one Node.js process then you will need to set the environment variable UV_THREADPOOL_SIZE to a suitable number before the first use of the libuv threadpool.

## Using cinecoder

To use cinecoder in your own application, `require` the module then create and use workers as required.  The processing functions follow a standard pattern as shown in the example code below.

```javascript
var cinecoder = require('cinecoder');
var fn = new cinecoder.fn(params);

fn.on('exit', function() {
  fn.finish();
});
fn.on('error', function(err) {
// handle error 
});

// start the processing thread
fn.start();

// async request for processing to be done
fn.doFn(params, function(err, result) {
});

// async request for the processing thread to quit
fn.quit(function() {
});
```
## Status, support and further development

## License

This software is released under the Apache 2.0 license.

Copyright 2016 Streampunk Media Ltd.
Copyright 2017 Cinegy GmbH.
